Welcome to Workbook 2.11.
I already went ahead and launched the Starter Project and Task one is to create a class for plain old
Java record objects.
The class will have three fields, so I'll go ahead and create a new class.
Called Record Java and paste in the fields generate the typical getters and setters generate the constructor.
Simple enough.
Task two is before returning the view.
Add the following objects to the model.
So we choose to populate our model with the following data.
Now we'll just say model dot ad attributes.
We're going to add an attribute called the records that maps to our records array list.
Task three is under the header and records of the HTML credit table where the first table row has headers,
and every row that follows is generated based on what is probably a timely fluke.
So we'll go here.
We'll create a new table.
That table is going to have one row.
With three headers.
The first header will be or four headers I should say.
And they are item revenue, cost and profits.
Um.
Item.
Revenue.
Costs and profits.
Sweet.
Task Force is using a Tamiflu app.
Your table must generate as many arrows as there are objects in their records list.
So every table row that follows is going to be generated based on a loop.
Here we're going to run a loop.
Finally, each and this loop is going to run through every single record inside of the records array
list.
That we can grab using a variable expression, and for every record that it loops through, it's going
to generate a table row.
And that table row is going to have how many cells for data cells?
Each data cell will display one of the fields of the current record that's being iterated through.
So this data cell will display the text.
For the record, Dot.
Item Revenue and cost record item.
Record revenue.
Record cost.
And there isn't a fourth field.
But here it tells us that for the profit rose final leaf allows you to subtract using the minus operator.
So here we can say leaf text.
Record revenue minus.
Record cost.
Okay.
Let's try it out.
Is our app running?
No, it is not.
All right.
We have a table with as many rows as there is data and the array list.
Let's just give it the typical border.
Which equals solid.
And with equal to 100%.
Just so that it's more legible.
Okay, great.
Now, in Task five, it tells us that we shouldn't use double to store currency because it carries to
a certain precision, whereas big decimal is an exact way of representing numbers to update our class
accordingly.
What we can do is declare the revenue and cost as big decimals.
And we can delete everything here.
Regenerate our constructor getters and setters accordingly.
Okay.
And here it tells us to use this list instead.
All right, make sure to import the big decimal class, and we're good.
I think if we were to rerun our code.
Looks a lot better.
Now Task six tells us to find a utility method that will format the model attribute into a currency.
So we want the revenue, cost and profit to appear as currencies.
We'll go to the family repo.
Look for numbers.
And control f currency.
We see a format currency method that we can use instead of our code.
The method that we're going to grab is part of the numbers class.
So since we're operating on numbers, we'll have to say numbers followed by the pound dot.
Format currency followed by your method.
And then you only have to pass in one thing into it, which is going to be your target.
In this case, your model attribute.
All right, we can do the same thing over here.
Record cost, and I'll wrap this up in brackets.
We'll do the same thing here.
Go back and refresh.
And we're looking good.
The utility method format currency operates on our target.
In this case, our model attribute and what it returns is a string value that is displayed thanks to
thin leaf texts.
All right.
Going to task seven.
You can use thin leaf style to format an HTML element.
Sure, we already know that.
And the styling we will apply as a background of green if the profit is greater than or equal to zero.
Otherwise the background will equal red.
All right.
This reminds me of the ternary operator as we run through every single record in the records array list.
A row is being generated, and the styling that that row is going to have is going to depend on a condition.
So here we're going to say record revenue minus record cost.
As we grab a value that derives from each record and then subtract them, we're going to compare that
result against zero.
If it's greater than or equal to zero, then what we're going to do is assign life style a background
of green.
So we're setting family style equal to a string background green.
Otherwise we're going to set it equal to a string of background red.
Okay.
I think we should be good now.
And say local host, 80, 80 and beautiful.
All right.
As we generate each table row, the family style is going to equal a background of green.
If the profit is greater than zero and it's going to equal a background of red if the prophet is less
than zero.
This wraps up workbook 2.11.